profile/README.md, before:

<!-- ParadeDB: Postgres for Search and Analytics -->
<h1 align="center">
  <a href="https://paradedb.com"><img src="https://github.com/paradedb/paradedb/raw/main/docs/logo/readme.svg" alt="ParadeDB"></a>
<br>
</h1>

<p align="center">
  <b>Postgres for Search and Analytics</b><br/>
</p>

<h3 align="center">
  <a href="https://paradedb.com">Website</a> &bull;
  <a href="https://docs.paradedb.com">Docs</a> &bull;
  <a href="https://join.slack.com/t/paradedbcommunity/shared_invite/zt-32abtyjg4-yoYoi~RPh9MSW8tDbl0BQw">Community</a> &bull;
  <a href="https://paradedb.com/blog/">Blog</a> &bull;
  <a href="https://docs.paradedb.com/changelog/">Changelog</a>
</h3>

---

You want better search, not the burden of Elasticsearch. [ParadeDB](https://paradedb.com) is the modern Elastic alternative built as a Postgres extension. ParadeDB brings everything you need from a modern search engine into Postgres, including text, hybrid, and faceted search. Because it is just Postgres, it can run as a logical replica of any managed Postgres instance or be installed within any self-hosted Postgres cluster.

## Who's Using ParadeDB?

Explore [success stories](https://paradedb.com/customers) to see more.

## Getting Started



[Read the documentation to get started](https://docs.paradedb.com/documentation/getting-started/install).

https://docs.paradedb.com/documentation/getting-started/install

https://docs.paradedb.com/documentation/getting-started/install



http://docs.paradedb.com/welcome/architecture

## Contributing


## 💜 Community

Join us on [Slack Community](https://join.slack.com/t/paradedbcommunity/shared_invite/zt-2lkzdsetw-OiIgbyFeiibd1DG~6wFgTQ) to chat with the ParadeDB community, share, or ask questions.

- Contribute to [ParadeDB on GitHub](https://github.com/paradedb/paradedb) by adding to the documentation, filing bug reports, or opening Pull Requests with contributions.

- Follow the [ParadeDB blog](https://paradedb.com/blog/) for engineering deep-dives and announcements.

- Ask a question on our [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/orgs/paradedb/discussions).

- Follow ParadeDB on [X](https://x.com/paradedb) for updates.




Want to get involved directly? Check out our [careers page](https://paradedb.notion.site/ParadeDB-Job-Board-50b45af7a2834e22958b171ffa008e00?pvs=4). We look forward to hearing from you! 

## Support

For sales, partnership, sponsorship, or media inquiries, please email us at [hello@paradedb.com](mailto:hello@paradedb.com).

We can't wait to see what you'll build with ParadeDB.

Commit message:

Revise README for clarity and organization
Updated the README to improve clarity and structure, including rephrasing sections about ParadeDB's features and community engagement.

Signed-off-by: Philippe Noël <21990816+philippemnoel@users.noreply.github.com>

profile/README.md, after:

<!-- ParadeDB: Postgres for Search and Analytics -->
<h1 align="center">
  <a href="https://paradedb.com"><img src="https://github.com/paradedb/paradedb/raw/main/docs/logo/readme.svg" alt="ParadeDB"></a>
<br>
</h1>

<p align="center">
  <b>Postgres for Search and Analytics</b><br/>
</p>

<h3 align="center">
  <a href="https://paradedb.com">Website</a> &bull;
  <a href="https://docs.paradedb.com">Docs</a> &bull;
  <a href="https://join.slack.com/t/paradedbcommunity/shared_invite/zt-32abtyjg4-yoYoi~RPh9MSW8tDbl0BQw">Community</a> &bull;
  <a href="https://paradedb.com/blog/">Blog</a> &bull;
  <a href="https://docs.paradedb.com/changelog/">Changelog</a>
</h3>

---

You want better search, not the burden of Elasticsearch.

[ParadeDB](https://paradedb.com) is the modern Elasticsearch alternative built as a **Postgres extension**. It brings full-text, hybrid, and faceted search directly into PostgreSQL — no separate search system required.

Because ParadeDB is just Postgres, it can run as a logical replica of any managed Postgres instance or be installed within any self-hosted Postgres cluster. No new infrastructure, no sync pipelines, no eventual consistency.

## Getting Started

- [Installation guide](https://docs.paradedb.com/documentation/getting-started/install)
- [Architecture overview](http://docs.paradedb.com/welcome/architecture)
- [Roadmap](https://docs.paradedb.com/welcome/roadmap)
- [Full documentation](https://docs.paradedb.com)

## Who's Using ParadeDB?

Companies use ParadeDB to replace Elasticsearch, OpenSearch, and custom search stacks while keeping Postgres as their system of record. Explore [customer stories](https://paradedb.com/customers) to learn more.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions of all kinds — code, docs, bug reports, and feature discussions. Start by visiting [paradedb/paradedb](https://github.com/paradedb/paradedb) on GitHub. If you're planning a larger contribution, we recommend opening a discussion first and joining our [Community Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/paradedbcommunity/shared_invite/zt-2lkzdsetw-OiIgbyFeiibd1DG~6wFgTQ).

## Community

Join the ParadeDB community to ask questions, share ideas, and help shape the roadmap.

- [Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/paradedbcommunity/shared_invite/zt-2lkzdsetw-OiIgbyFeiibd1DG~6wFgTQ) — Chat with the team and community
- [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/orgs/paradedb/discussions) — Ask questions and share ideas
- [Blog](https://paradedb.com/blog/) — Engineering deep-dives and announcements
- [X / Twitter](https://x.com/paradedb) — Follow for updates

## Careers

Want to work on Postgres internals, search engines, and distributed systems? Check out our [open roles](https://paradedb.notion.site/ParadeDB-Job-Board-50b45af7a2834e22958b171ffa008e00?pvs=4).

## Contact

For sales, partnerships, sponsorships, or media inquiries, email us at [hello@paradedb.com](mailto:hello@paradedb.com).
